---
title: 'Q4 2025 Membership Audit'
excerpt: 'Our 14th quarterly audit of funded members has been completed.'
coverImage: 'quarterlyauditgraphic.png'
date: '2025-12-03'
---

**Q4 2025 Membership Audit**

Our membership has concluded its latest quarterly audit of funded members as of [Nov 19 2025](https://gov.protocolguild.org/proposals/113582986683399826568258267711955025344062980638857011360072666299807711443962). This 14th consecutive update reaffirms our institution’s consistency and ability to self-regulate.

The member registry now includes a number of new contributor accounts as well as new alumni, and weight changes; creating a representative body of the developers and maintainers who work on client implementations, research, and upgrade delivery.

Protocol Guild’s membership is now 184, with a net increase of 8 (+4.5%) members from 176 of last quarter. This quarter, the membership update was processed onchain via Protocol Guild’s new Agora-based DAO contracts. Readers will find a comprehensive list of the changeset below.

**Working Groups**

* Added: zkEVM Working Group [\#400](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/400)   
  * Read more at blog post [here](https://www.protocolguild.org/blog/20251104-protocol-guild-membership-approves-zkevm-working-group)  
* Removed: Portal Working Group [\#423](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/423)

**New Members** (23 total)

Lighthouse Working Group

* Josh King [\#420](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/420)

Prysm Working Group

* Bastin [\#416](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/416)  
* Chris Karabats [\#429](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/429)

zkEVM Working Group

* Thomas Coratger [\#444](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/444)  
* Cody [\#440](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/440)  
* Sophia [\#439](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/439)  
* TingHan Jian [\#438](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/438)

P2P Working Group

* Raúl Kripalani [\#428](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/428)  
* Marco Munizaga [\#425](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/425)

Reth Working Group

* Roman Hodulák [\#426](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/426)

Nethermind Working Group

* Marcos Maceo (part-time) [\#422](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/422)  
* Maksim Menshikov [\#410](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/410)

Testing Working Group

* Carson [\#390](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/390)  
* Felix Hoffmann [\#406](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/406)

[Specs & Coordination](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/390) Working Group

* Marc Garreau [\#408](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/408)  
* Nixo [\#407](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/407)

Statelessness Working Group

* Wei Han Ng [\#404](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/404)  
* Carlos Perez [\#401](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/401)

Mechanism Design Working Group

* Maria Silva [\#399](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/399)

Security Working Group

* Antoine James [\#395](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/395)  
* Yassine Ferhane [\#397](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/397)

Prototyping Working Group

* Jihoon Song [\#392](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/392)

**New Alumni** **Members** (14 Total)

Protocol Guild members who move on to other work are considered ‘Alumni’ at the conclusion of their membership.. We are grateful for their stewarding contributions to the world computer over the years and wish them well.

Architecture Working Group

* Dankrad [\#446](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/446)

Lighthouse Working Group

* Paul Hauner [\#419](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/419)  
* Mehdi [\#418](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/418)  
* Adrian [\#417](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/417)

Prysm Working Group

* Taran [\#445](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/445)  
* Raul Jordan [\#412](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/412)

Portal Working Group

* Piper [\#423](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/423)

Reth Working Group

* Roman Krasiuk [\#402](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/402)

Cryptography Working Group

* Mark Simkin [\#441](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/441)

Prototyping Working Group

* shemnon [\#393](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/393)

Mechanism Design Working Group

* Davide Crapis [\#398](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/398)

EthereumJS Working Group

* am1r021 [\#437](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/437)

DAS (no longer active/not categorized as a working group)

* Dmitriy Ryajov [\#414](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/414)  
* Leonardo Bautista-Gomez [\#405](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/405)

**Weight & Status Changes (9 Total)**

**Weight Increases**

* Shoham Chakraborty (Erigon): 0.5 → 1 [\#433](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/433)  
* Marc Holt (Erigon): 0.5 → 1 [\#432](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/432)  
* Marc Harvey-Hill (Nethermind): 0.5 → 1 [\#421](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/421)  
* Artiom:  0.5 → 1 [\#403](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/403)

**Weight Decreases**

* Federico Gimenez: 1 → 0.5 [\#430](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/430)  
* Alexey Shekhirin: 1 → 0.5 [\#427](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/427)  
* Ayman Bouchareb: 1 → 0.5 [\#394](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/394)  
* Damian Orzechowski: 1 → 0.5 [\#409](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/409)  
* Scottypoi: 1 → 0.5 [\#431](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/431)

**Affiliation Updates**

* Moved Paweł Bylica to Erigon [\#389](https://github.com/protocolguild/documentation/pull/389)

---

The next audit will begin in January 2026 and should be fully reflected in our active membership by mid-February.
